Customizing SpeechSynthesizer (#3747)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where `SpeechSynthesizing.managesAudioSession` was ignored by `RouteVoiceController`. ([#3572](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3572))
* Location tracking and routing resources are now freed if no `RouteController` or `PassiveLocationManager` instance is actively being used. ([#3724](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3724))
* Fixed an issue where release builds would crash on invalid navigator initialization. ([#3738](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3738))

> * Added ability to provide custom subclasses of `SpeechSynthesizer` to be used in `MapboxSpeechSynthesizer` via new `init(speechSynthesizer:)` method. ([#3747](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3747))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `MapboxSpeechSynthesizer(speechSynthesizer:)` initializer for creating a `MapboxSpeechSynthesizer` object that uses a custom `SpeechSynthesizer` instance. ([#3747](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3747))
```
